me
Hello everyone is a forest of cherry blossoms school is Ohama thing today Jukucho
I would like to give a score for Shochouchi but what should I do?
I want to give it inwards
I want to know I want to know
Mercer yes
You should give it by the score of the regular test Yes yes yes
Most important range
I think it's a society
society
It is neither English nor mathematics
And it is a regular test of what society Tsu low
Will do the pliers do not think it's yes pinch
Because I just remember
I'm homecoming Akari
I'm not Toka do not know do not know the range before I'm only remember
I can't remember thinking about it
I think because it is low grade
So I know how to remember where I decided when I thought I wanted to learn something
If you are
Well then
Hey, I can read the formulation of this range your good mathematics of powder of English
Hard is not people who remember am going to remember
I think I've been studying for regular snow and I think I'm going to think that the text library won't change
It is true that it is the first time that the cash register is to improve the social performance .
To raise
Hide it with a red sheet and let it be said many times with No. 8
It's a super-sloppy work, but I'll remember how I do it so I thoroughly master the way
If it is remembered that way I will remember a tab this way
Well Shi Kedomo I say I do I'll remember to do
I field of just a rote All that is high deca head science
It is bad that I can not see there
As I understand it , I 'll try to be inward, and if I suffer from it, I'll get into other things
First of all , thank you for being from society
tan